[bell tolling]
[bell continues tolling]
-[man screams]
-[masonry clatters]
[woman humming tunefully in distance]
[grunting weakly]
[humming continues]
[man] Olivia?
Olivia!
[gasps softly]
Ethan.
[Ethan breathing raggedly]
[Ethan] I was so worried.
[inhales sharply]
Wha-- What?
[yells] Olivia!
[snarling]
[gasps]
[dramatic orchestral music playing]
[snarling]
[Ethan screams]
[yells]
[panting]
[birds chirping outside]
Just a dream.
[dramatic orchestral music playing]
[Olivia humming tunefully]
Good morning, my love.
[Ethan sighs]
What's wrong?
Nothing's wrong. I just...
I'm so glad you're OK. [sighs]
[Olivia]
Did someone have a nightmare, hmm?
[Ethan] Of course not.
-[Olivia giggles]
-[Ethan grunts]
I'm so hungry I could eat a horse!
[Olivia and Ethan moaning softly]
Uh...
I, um...
You know what?
I can eat that horse in my own home.
[Ethan chuckles]
And let a meal like this go to waste?
You know what they say, Louis:
Breakfast is the most important meal
of the day.
[Louis] Fine. You talked me into it.
[Louis munching ravenously]
Enjoying your food?
Yeah!
This is your best meal yet.
[Ethan] It's a surprise he's even able
to taste anything at that speed.
-If you don't slow down, you'll end--
-[Louis choking]
[sighs] He never learns.
[Olivia] Oh, hush.
It's not his fault he can't control
himself around my cooking.
[Louis exhales]
Weird how that happens
every time, isn't it?
[chuckles] Is it, though?
[water sloshing]
Thank you, Olivia.
Of course, Louis.
You make me feel like
the best cook in all of the land.
I don't mean for the food.
I mean, yes,
thank you for that, too, but...
thank you for, well, e-everything.
You two have done so much for me,
after my pare--
[hesitates]
You stood by me after I lost everything.
You may be my neighbors,
but you feel like my family.
And I know Ethan is just doing it
because he lost his parents as well.
He feels obligated to.
I hate being a bother--
[Olivia] Don't you dare speak like that.
We don't feel obligated
to take care of you.
You bring laughter, happiness,
and a sense of family to this home.
Olivia...
Besides,
this child needs a big brother
to guide him.
Uh...
[chuckles] Yes. I guess you're right.
[Ethan] Right, we should go hunting
before the day gets any longer.
[chuckles] Those animals
don't stand a chance!
[man] Here.
[man 2 grunts]
[man] What you looking at there?
[sighs] Looks like Ethan's headed up
to the mountains again.
Weird fella.
Don't see why he'd go hunting for food
with a sea as full as this one.
I don't blame him.
After all he's been through,
I sure as hell wouldn't go near the water.
[man 2 chuckles] Damn straight.
I saw roe footprints
at Vestad Hills yesterday.
That's our best bet.
That sounds good to me.
[soldiers laughing]
[soldier] Am I wrong?
Am I wrong?
[scoffs]
They're already drinking?
It's not even noon!
Remember when they first came down
from the capital?
They were so put together.
Now look at them!
[scoffs] Pathetic.
The hell did you say, boy?
Nothing.
Nothing, I swear.
You lying to a Capital Soldier?
I could...
[grunts]
...jail you for that.
I... I didn't mean any offense.
[soldier] Oh. So, you did say something.
[gasps]
[sighs]
My deepest apologies.
He is but a boy.
[chuckles] A stupid one at that.
Will you please forgive his transgression?
That's a mighty big transgr...
uh, transgreg-greggen... [grunts]
[soldier 2] Yeah,
maybe we should lock you up, too.
Your job is to teach the boy
some goddamn respect.
[whimpers]
W-We should really get going, Ethan.
Guys like these obviously
have more important things to do.
[soldier] "Like these," huh?
What does he mean by that?
[soldier 2] Think we might need to teach
these two a lesson about respect.
-[whimpers]
-[man] Halt!
My apologies.
My soldiers have become restless
as of late.
You have such a beautiful village,
and it's so peaceful
my men have nothing to do.
It seems they've forgotten their purpose.
[snickers] I'll say.
The hell does that mean?
Calm down!
-[captain] Back to your post.
-[soldiers] Yes, sir.
[grunts]
Ow!
[sighs] Looks like we both
have some lessons to teach.
-So it would appear.
-[groans]
I...
-I, um, have a question, sir.
-Yes?
The duke stationed soldiers all over
the land to protect us from Dragons,
but... no one I know
has ever actually seen one.
The last time a Dragon appeared
was well over 100 years ago.
But that's, like, forever ago!
[chuckles] Indeed.
My grandfather was not even a glimmer
in his father's eye
when they were last seen.
[Louis] So, why are you here?
[captain] Does not the fisherman
prepare for a storm,
not knowing if there will be one?
Preparation is a necessity in life.
[Louis] Hmm. I guess that makes sense.
[Louis] What would you do
if a Dragon really showed up?
I'd rather not think about that.
[Dragon snarling]
Don't worry.
If a Dragon shows up,
I'll protect you and Olivia.
I'll punch that Dragon
right in its big, stupid nose!
[chuckles]
That will show him.
[roe whines]
[roe thuds]
Did you see that? Bullseye!
You've been practicing.
Olivia's going to be thrilled.
[Louis] Let's get it ready for dinner.
Louis, stop!
Why?
-[animal snorting]
-Uh...
[gasps softly]
[wolf snarling]
I don't think so, wolfy!
[growling]
-[Louis grunts]
-Wait!
[gasps]
-[snarling]
-[screams]
[Ethan grunting]
[wolves snarling]
Damn it!
An entire pack this close to Cassardis?
Listen carefully.
I want you to run back to the village
as fast as you can and warn everyone.
Then stay with Olivia.
[Louis] B-But, Ethan--
[Ethan] Go!
[grunts]
[indistinct chatter]
-[Louis] Help! Help!
-Hmm? [grunts]
Well, well, well.
If it ain't that little shit from earlier.
What's wrong, boy?
You and your friend get attacked
by a Dragon?
[both laugh]
[Louis panting]
It wasn't a Dragon. It's wolves!
[laughter stops]
[soldiers grunt]
[captain] If what the boy says is true,
we don't have much time.
Please, help him!
[captain] We'll save your friend, boy.
Don't worry.
Everyone, prepare.
[soldiers] Yes, sir.
[soldier] Hell of a thing you did
for your friend,
running all the way back here.
Thanks.
[gulping]
[exhales]
Why are you helping me?
[soldier] You may be a little shit,
but you're a brave little shit.
[soldier 2] Our job is to protect
the citizens of this village
from all threats.
Hmm. [chuckles] About time
we got to do some real work.
[chuckles softly]
[soldier] We're good to go, Captain.
[captain] Good.
John, go warn the villagers.
The rest of us are headed to that meadow.
[soldiers] Yes, sir!
-[distant thunder rumbling]
-Where did the sun go?
It can't be.
[wind whistling]
[gasps softly]
[wolves snarling]
[Ethan panting]
[thunder rumbling in distance]
[snarling continues]
[wolves whimpering]
What the hell?
-[thunder rumbles]
-[wind gusting]
[dramatic orchestral music playing]
[roars]
[gasps]
[snarls]
[growls]
[Ethan grunts]
[panting]
[man] Go!
[people screaming]
[screaming continues]
[man screams]
[man 2] The Dragon's coming!
[screaming continues]
[roars]
[people screaming]
[soldier 1]
It's... It's the goddamn Dragon!
-We've got to get out of here!
-[soldier 2] Run for it!
Hold your ground!
Get into formation!
Ready your swords and bows!
If we die today, we die with honor!
Fire!
-[soldier 1] Oh, shit!
-[soldier 2] To hell with this!
[captain] Get back here, you coward!
[grunting]
-[panting]
-[bell tolling in distance]
By the gods...
-[bell continues tolling]
-[wind whistling]
[Louis panting]
Olivia!
[grunts softly]
Louis?
[Louis grunts]
Come on, we have to leave now! Right now!
Just go. The baby and I
will only slow you down.
What kind of big brother would I be
if I left you two?
[both grunting]
Thank you.
-[bell tolling]
-[wind whistling]
[Ethan panting]
You're alive. How did you--
Where are all your soldiers?
I thought you were prepared!
There is no way
we could have been prepared for this,
even with every soldier
in the king's army.
Have you seen my wife, Olivia?
Or the boy that was with me earlier?
We... We're all that's left.
No.
No, that can't be.
I'm sorry, son.
[Ethan gasps]
There's nothing you can do.
Come with us to the fort.
We'll regroup
and wait the Dragon out there.
[captain screams]
I-I think it's gone.
Come on. I'll get you two to safety.
You're so brave.
[Louis chuckles]
[wood creaking]
[both exclaim]
-[grunting]
-[Louis] Ethan!
[yells]
-[Louis gasps]
-[Ethan] You're alive!
Thank the gods.
It's a miracle.
We saw a group headed out,
but we decided to hide.
The bigger the group,
the bigger the target.
[Ethan and Louis chuckle]
Smart boy.
Olivia, is the baby all right?
Yes.
Stay here.
I-I'll make sure it's clear first.
[chuckles]
[panting]
I don't see it. I think we're--
-[gasps]
-Louis!
[Louis screams]
[Olivia screams]
[Ethan yells]
[continues yelling]
[grunts]
[groans]
Ethan!
[snarling]
[whimpers]
[groaning]
Olivia...
run!
[Olivia whimpering]
[screams]
No!
Olivia!
[moans]
[screams]
[Dragon growling]
[Dragon] Brave human.
Dost thou hate me?
[ragged breathing]
[Dragon] Hmm.
Not fear me,
but truly hate me?
Are thou filled with unbridled rage
and an unquenchable thirst
for my blood to be spilled?
[breathes with difficulty]
[grunting]
[groans]
-[ribs cracking]
-[screams]
[groaning]
[stops groaning]
[heart beating]
[growls]
[swallows]
Remember this.
When thou peers into the dark,
the dark peers into thee.
[roars]
[Olivia humming tunefully]
[Ethan] Olivia?
I'm sorry, my love.
Why would you be sorry?
I wanted to give you a family, Ethan.
You have given me a family.
The baby, Louis and myself
are no longer there.
You are alone.
[Ethan] Olivia.
Don't leave me.
Please.
Do not let yourself be consumed by rage.
It will only beget more heartache.
Don't go!
Live honorably and just, my love.
If you do that,
even destiny cannot stop you.
Wait. Wait!
Olivia!
[Ethan gasps]
[ragged breathing]
[wind whistling]
Where am I?
[gasps]
It was real.
[wind whistling]
[door creaking]
[woman] It appears you are ready to join
the land of the living again, Arisen.
Who are you?
I am a Pawn,
and I shall be your protector.